Which of the following can be used to protect against DDoS attacks. (Choose 2) Choices: AWS ELB; AWS Shield Advanced; AWS EC2; AWS Shield,AWS Shield; AWS Shield Advanced
Which of the following are the right principles when designing cloud-based systems? (Choose 2) Choices: Use as many services as possible; Assume everything will fail; Build Tightly-coupled components; Build loosely-coupled components,Assume everything will fail; Build loosely-coupled components
A company does not want to manage their database. Which of the following services is a fully managed NoSQL database provided by AWS. Choices: Elastic Map Reduce; DynamoDB; Oracle RDS; AWS RDS,DynamoDB
Which of the following benefits does consolidated billing provide in AWS Organizations? Choices: Expanded geographic coverage for AWS services.; Improved security and access control across multiple accounts.; Enhanced resource utilization and performance optimization.; Simplified payment process with a single bill and payment method.,Simplified payment process with a single bill and payment method.
Which of the following is the amount of storage that can be stored in the Simple Storage service? Choices: 1 PB; Virtually unlimited storage; 5 TB; 1 TB,Virtually unlimited storage
What is the service provided by AWS that lets you host Domain Name systems? Choices: VPN; Route 53; Direct Connect; VPC,Route 53
Which of the following storage mechanisms can be used to store messages effectively which can be used across distributed systems. Choices: Amazon EBS Snapshots; Amazon SQS; Amazon EBS Volumes; Amazon Glacier,Amazon SQS
When working on the costing for on-demand EC2 instances, which of the following attributes determine the cost of the EC2 Instance? (Choose 3) Choices: Edge location; Location Type; Instance Type; AMI Type,AMI Type; Instance Type; Location Type
Which of the following services helps provide a connection from on-premises infrastructure to resources hosted in the AWS Cloud. (Choose 2) Choices: AWS Subnets; AWS Direct Connect; AWS VPC; AWS VPN,AWS Direct Connect; AWS VPN
In order to predict the cost of moving resources from on-premise to the cloud, which of the following can be used? Choices: AWS Trusted Advisor; AWS Pricing Calculator; AWS WAF; AWS Inspector,AWS Pricing Calculator
Which AWS EC2 purchasing option is the best choice for hosting a set of servers for a three-month project that requires uninterrupted availability? Consider both cost and the requirement for no interruptions. Choices: Partial Upfront Reserved Instances; On-Demand Instances; No Upfront Reserved Instances; Spot Instances,On-Demand Instances
What is a document that provides a formal statement of one or more permissions? Choices: Resource; Policy; Role; Permission,Policy
Which security feature can be used in a VPC subnet to protect against incoming traffic requests? Choices: Security Groups; NACL; Subnet Groups; AWS Inspector,NACL
AWS provides a storage option known as Amazon S3 Glacier. What is this AWS service designed for? (Select 2) (Choose 2) Choices: Active database storage; Data archives; Cached session data; Infrequently accessed data,Data archives; Infrequently accessed data
Which of the following is AWS services allows you to build a data warehouse on the cloud? Choices: AWS EMR; AWS Redshift; AWS Storage Gateway; AWS Snowball,AWS Redshift
Which of the following IAM identities allow an application deployed on an EC2 instance to write data to S3 in a secure manner? Choices: AWS IAM Permissions; AWS IAM Roles; AWS IAM Groups; AWS IAM Users,AWS IAM Roles
Which of the following statements are true about the cost structure of AWS On-Demand Instances, specifically focusing on termination fees and upfront costs? Select all that apply. (Choose 2) Choices: You do not pay termination fees when you stop or terminate the instance.; Discounts are automatically applied based on usage.; You are charged for compute capacity by the hour or second (with a minimum of 60 seconds).; On-Demand Instances involve long-term commitments.; There are no upfront costs required for On-Demand Instances.,There are no upfront costs required for On-Demand Instances.; You do not pay termination fees when you stop or terminate the instance.
Which of the following AWS services can assist you with cost optimization? Choices: AWS WAF; AWS Trusted Advisor; AWS Inspector; AWS Shield,AWS Trusted Advisor
Which of the following is AWS managed database service provides processing power that is up to 5X faster than a traditional MySQL database. Choices: DynamoDB; Aurora; PostgreSQL; MariaDB,Aurora
You need to migrate a 10 TB on-premises data warehouse to AWS. Which of the following AWS services is the most suitable for securely transferring this amount of data to the AWS Cloud? Choices: AWS DataSync; AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized; Amazon S3 Multi-Part Upload; AWS Direct Connect,AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized
Which of the following are attributes to the costing for using the Simple Storage Service. Choose 2 answers from the options given below (Choose 2) Choices: Using encryption in S3; The total size in gigabytes of all objects stored.; Number of S3 buckets; The storage class used for the objects stored.,The storage class used for the objects stored.; The total size in gigabytes of all objects stored.
You are exploring what services AWS has off-hand. You have a large number of data sets that need to be processed. Which of the following services can help fulfil this requirement. Choices: Storage gateway; EMR; Glacier; S3,EMR
How do you backup an EBS Volume? Choices: Store Backups in Glacier; EBS Snapshot; EBS Automatic Backups; Store Backups in S3,EBS Snapshot
A company wants to utilize AWS storage. For them, low storage cost is paramount, the data is rarely retrieved, and data retrieval times of several hours are acceptable for them. What is the best storage option to use? Choices: AWS CloudFront; AWS Glacier; EBS-backed storage connected to EC2; AWS S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage,AWS Glacier
You have a distributed application that regularly processes large amounts of data across multiple Amazon EC2 instances and can recover smoothly from interruptions. This application does not require continuous, dedicated compute capacity. What is the most cost-effective way to ensure the availability of this application? Choices: On-Demand instances; Spot Instances; Dedicated instances; Reserved instances,Spot Instances
What are the characteristics of Amazon S3? (Select 2) (Choose 2) Choices: S3 should be used to host a relational database.; Objects are directly accessible via a URL.; S3 allows you to store objects of virtually unlimited size.; S3 allows you to store unlimited amounts of data.,Objects are directly accessible via a URL.; S3 allows you to store unlimited amounts of data.
If you want to develop an application in Java, which of the following tools would you use? Choices: AWS Console; AWS SDK; AWS CLI; AWS Powershell,AWS SDK
You have a Web application hosted in an EC2 Instance that needs to send notifications based on events. Which of the below services can assist in sending notifications? Choices: AWS EC2; AWS SNS; AWS SQS; AWS SES,AWS SNS
Which of the following is NOT a disaster recovery option in the cloud? Choices: Multi-Site; Single Site; Warm standby; Pilot light,Single Site
What acts as a firewall that controls the traffic allowed to reach one or more instances? Choices: EC2; Security Group; IAM; ACL,Security Group
In your AWS Organization, there are two accounts: one for Development (Dev) and another for Quality Assurance (QA). Both are part of a consolidated billing system managed by the master account. The master account has purchased three Reserved Instances, a billing model offering discounted rates compared to On-Demand pricing. Currently, the Dev team is utilizing two of these Reserved Instances. The QA team plans to deploy three instances. How will the instances used by the QA team be billed according to the available pricing models? Choices: Three Reserved and no On-Demand; One Reserved and two On-Demand; Two Reserved and one On-Demand; No Reserved and three On-Demand,One Reserved and two On-Demand
What is the AWS service provided which provides a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability. Choices: Elastic Map Reduce; DynamoDB; Oracle RDS; AWS RDS,DynamoDB
What AWS service has built-in DDoS mitigation? Choices: AWS CloudWatch; AWS CloudFront; Amazon EC2; AWS CloudTrail,AWS CloudFront
What is the key difference between an availability zone and an edge location? Choices: None of the above; An availability zone is an isolated location within an AWS region - whereas an edge location will deliver cached content to the closest location to reduce latency; Edge locations are used as control stations for resources; An availability zone is a grouping of AWS resources in a specific region; an edge location is a specific resource withinthe AWS region,An availability zone is an isolated location within an AWS region - whereas an edge location will deliver cached content to the closest location to reduce latency
What is the service provided by AWS that allows developers to easily deploy and manage applications on the cloud? Choices: Container service; Elastic Beanstalk; Opswork; CloudFormation,Elastic Beanstalk
Which of the following is not a supported database engine in the AWS Relation Database Service? Choices: MySQL; DB2; MariaDB; SQLite,DB2
In AWS billing, what option can be used to ensure costs can be reduced if you have multiple accounts? Choices: It is not possible to reduce costs with multipleaccounts; Consolidated billing; Costs are automatically reduced for multiple accountsby AWS.; Combined billing,Consolidated billing
You want to take a snapshot of an EC2 Instance and create a new instance out of it. In AWS what is this snapshot equivalent to? Choices: EBS Snapshot; AMI; EC2 Snapshot; EBS Volumes,AMI
A company wants to standardize the deployment of its infrastructure by using predefined templates. Which AWS service is best suited for this purpose? Choices: Amazon EMR; AWS CloudFormation; AWS Elastic Beanstalk; Amazon Simple Workflow Service,AWS CloudFormation
Which of the following AWS services should you use to migrate an existing database to AWS? Choices: AWS Snowball; AWS DMS; AWS Storage gateway; AWS Lambda,AWS DMS
You want to monitor the CPU utilization of an EC2 resource in AWS. Which of the below services can help in this regard Choices: AWS Trusted Advisor; AWS Cloudwatch; AWS Inspector; AWS Cloudtrail,AWS Cloudwatch
What is the ability provided by AWS to enable fast, easy, and secure transfers of files over long distances between your client and your Amazon S3 bucket. Choices: S3 Acceleration; S3 Transfer Acceleration; HTTP Transfer; File Transfer,S3 Transfer Acceleration
In AWS, which security aspects are the customer’s responsibility? (Choose 4) Choices: None; Controlling physical access to computing resources; Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes; Decommissioning storage devices; Security Group and ACL (Access Control List)settings; Patch management on the EC2 instance’s guest operating system; Life-cycle management of IAM credentials,Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes; Life-cycle management of IAM credentials; Patch management on the EC2 instance’s guest operating system; Security Group and ACL (Access Control List)settings
Which of the following options of AWS RDS allows for AWS to failover to a secondary database in case the primary one fails? Choices: AWS Standby; AWS Multi-AZ; AWS Secondary; AWS Failover,AWS Multi-AZ
Which AWS service allows you to create a private, isolated section of the cloud where you can configure your own IP address range, subnets, route tables, and network gateways for your AWS resources? Choices: AWS Availability Zones; AWS VPC; AWS Regions; AWS Subnets,AWS VPC
What are the four levels of AWS Premium Support? Choices: All support is free; Developer -> Business -> Enterprise On-Ramp -> Enterprise; Developer -> Business -> Free -> Basic; Basic -> Startup -> Business -> Enterprise,Developer -> Business -> Enterprise On-Ramp -> Enterprise
Which of the following are the benefits of AWS's Relational Database Service (RDS)? (Choose 2) Choices: You can resize the capacity accordingly; It provides built-in machine-learning capabilities; It allows you to store NoSQL data; It allows you to store unstructured data; Automated patches and backups,Automated patches and backups; You can resize the capacity accordingly
Which of the following services enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources? Choices: AWS SNS; AWS Config; AWS CloudWatch; AWS CloudTrail,AWS Config
A company is deploying a two-tier, highly available web application to AWS. Which service provides durable storage for static content while utilizing lower Overall CPU resources for the web tier? Choices: Amazon RDS instance; Amazon S3; Amazon EC2 instance store; Amazon EBS volume,Amazon S3
